[Music]
put vinegar into a toilet and watch what
happens everyone tries to keep their
home clean and hygienic especially in
places where our body is most vulnerable
to bacteria cleansers and disinfectants
aren't always worthwhile so you should
know which alternatives can help to
achieve the best results here's a simple
but really effective way to make your
house safer and cleaner actually it's
not only useful for your home watch till
the end to learn the most unusual ways
to use vinegar you've probably never
heard before
what you need hard water can build up on
your toilet and leave stains that are
tough to clean don't rush out and buy
expensive cleaning products you can
quickly remove all the stains and rust
without harsh chemicals all you'll need
is vinegar
what vinegar does white vinegar is one
of those products that should be in
every home it's useful in the kitchen
and it also has properties that make it
excellent for cleaning tasks next time
you clean your toilet our bathtub use
vinegar as it can dissolve limescale
kill all bacteria mold and germs clean
metal parts from rust remove unpleasant
odors weigh one use with soda you can
use vinegar with baking soda to get an
Enhanced effect to clean visible dirt
and disinfect the toilet with vinegar
you should take a glass of 9% vinegar
baking soda or iodine solution heat a
glass of vinegar to 104 degrees
Fahrenheit and then mix it with the soda
or iodine for 7 ounces of vinegar you'll
need 1 tablespoon of soda if you use
iodine the proportion is 1 to 1
pour the resulting mixture into the
toilet tank for several hours it's
better to do this in the evening so that
the solution remains in the object
you're cleaning for the whole night for
the best result you can repeat the
process several times
way to use without Sona now don't worry
if you don't have baking soda at home
the vinegar only method works even
better first empty the water tank
enclosed the tap then wipe the internal
surface of the tank with a dry cloth and
apply a cloth moistened with vinegar to
the stained area after 2 to 6 hours you
can clean the dirt with a scraper now
keep in mind that it shouldn't be metal
white vinegar not only can replace the
expensive cleaning products but also can
be used as part of your beauty routine
here are 5 brilliant ways to use vinegar
instead of cosmetic products 1 to make
your hair silky for smooth and silky
hair mix 1 part white vinegar with 2
parts water spray it all over your hair
let it sit for 10 minutes and rinse - to
prevent acne to make your skin look
fresh mix 1 tablespoon of vinegar with a
glass of water shake it well and then
wipe the problematic areas quickly with
this solution after 2 to 3 minutes wash
your face with clear water using vinegar
you can get rid of acne all over your
body
now keep in mind that the solution
shouldn't be strong 3 to neutralize
cigarette smoke odors to neutralize
smoke odors pour vinegar into a bowl and
put it in the place where you want to
eliminate the bad smell 4 to make nail
polish stay on longer before applying
the first layer of Polish dip your nails
in a half a cup of white vinegar for 10
minutes you'll notice that your nail
polish will stay on longer 5 to remove
sweat stains
sprinkle a generous amount of white
vinegar onto the affected areas of the
garment and leave it for at least ten
minutes then rinse it off with warm
water your favorite shirt will look as
good as new if you don't have white
vinegar at home it's time to run out to
a store and buy some and don't forget to
do us three favors hit the like button
share this video and click subscribe to
stay on the bright side of life